so osaka
Yes.Osaka.Yeah
So how much do you remember the history really?
Yeah.
Of what?
You been masterpieces or other
Ha...Oh..
I don't think performing arts is this year
Okay, I believe in you. Name a city in Osaka that isn't Osaka.
Name a city in Osaka prefecture that isn't Osaka City.
He sent
Do you remember the one that's like right to the south?
The one that's like to the south of Osaka.
No, don't prefecture
Sakai? Sakai.
Yeah...
Yes ma'am.
some(***)
General. They say doing general geography too, right?
So...how can you(***)
Longest river in Japan.
Second.
I don't even know if you're lying.
Okay, that sounds more right.
Okay, now what region is each river in?
Ha..ha
And you know that too, you know.
gives you a better idea of the location of stuff and not just the fact that it exists.
Okay, here to call me
Ho,ho..Well, what river flows into Tokyo Bay?
You want to talk about Tokyo?
Yeah,What river flows into Tokyo Bay?
Are you sure?I'm fact checking you on that later.
Okay....What surrounding regions?
What surrounding regions? When you say Tokyo surrounding regions...
Ha ha ha!
No, it's Tohoku, no?
I remember from last year, like slightly.
Okay, you can fact check me on that one.
but i'm like slightly i'm like slightly sure it was in tohoku
Yeah
Name another river in Osaka that isn't the Yoro.
The Yolo River?
The do-yo.
I think it was just like the Yeou River. They got Yeou and then you got the Yeoudo.
they got the yo yo
You know you didn't.
You got half the answer.
I couldn't just say, I-E-O-U, uh, Tati Tuesday.
Taiwan couldn't give me the point.
Okay. Back to Joan Geography. Tallest mountain?
Haa....
Second thoughts,
Is this also not Gucci? Huh? North?
I don't know. I don't.
Your two topics are Osaka and Genji, right?
Are you language?How many did you get right yesterday?
So you
That was like three of them out of 30.
Hoh
You can't even get that one.
Okay,What about...